---
layout: page
title: About MITRE
---

MITRE is a not-for-profit company trusted to lead—by government, industry, and academia. The bedrock of any trusted relationship is integrity. For more than 65 years, MITRE has proudly operated federally funded research and development centers, or FFRDCs. We now operate six of the 42 FFRDCs in existence—a high honor. Since our inception, MITRE has consistently addressed the most complex whole-of-nation challenges that threaten our country’s safety, security, and prosperity. Our mission-driven teams bring technical expertise, objectivity, and an interdisciplinary approach to drive innovation and accelerate solutions in the public interest. Above all, MITRE is trusted to deliver data-driven results and recommendations without any conflicts of interest.

MITRE began in 1958, sponsored by the U.S. Air Force to bridge across the academic research community and industry to architect the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment, or SAGE, a key component of Cold War-era air defense. We were founded as a not-for-profit company to serve as objective advisers in systems engineering to government agencies, both military and civilian. We are innovators—from advances in radar technology, cyber, GPS, cancer research, and aviation collision-avoidance systems to breakthroughs in evolving disciplines such as vehicle autonomy, artificial intelligence, and synthetic biology. Moreover, as a company that doesn’t compete with industry, we’re uniquely positioned to convene government, industry, and academia. We're proud of the multi-talented and creative teams who stand with us every day, dedicating themselves to mission first, people always.
